Add KFP Tekton release deployment yaml (#347)
kubeflow/kfp-tekton: tekton_kfp_guide.md

  * [IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service (IKS)](#ibm-cloud-kubernetes-service-iks)
  * [OpenShift](#openshift)
  * [Other Cloud Providers or On-Prem Kubernetes Deployment](#other-cloud-providers-or-on-prem-kubernetes-deployment)

> - [Minimum Kubeflow Pipelines with Tekton Backend Deployment](#minimum-kubeflow-pipelines-with-tekton-backend-deployment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Standalone Kubeflow Pipelines with Tekton Backend Deployment](#standalone-kubeflow-pipelines-with-tekton-backend-deployment)
```

> - [Kubeflow installation including Kubeflow Pipelines with Tekton backend](#kubeflow-installation-including-kubeflow-pipelines-with-tekton-backend)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Kubeflow installation including Kubeflow Pipelines with Tekton Backend](#kubeflow-installation-including-kubeflow-pipelines-with-tekton-backend)
```

### Other Cloud Providers or On-Prem Kubernetes Deployment
   Visit [Kubeflow Cloud Installation](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/started/cloud/) for setting up the preferred environment to deploy Kubeflow.

> ## Minimum Kubeflow Pipelines with Tekton Backend Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Standalone Kubeflow Pipelines with Tekton Backend Deployment
```

> To install the very minimum Kubeflow pipelines deployment without any other kubeflow functionality, run the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the standalone Kubeflow Pipelines with Tekton, run the following steps:
```

1. Install [Tekton v0.14.3](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/releases/tag/v0.14.3)

> 2. Install KFP Tekton v0.4.0 release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install Kubeflow Pipelines with Tekton v0.4.0 release
```

    ```shell
    kubectl apply -f install/v0.4.0/kfp-tekton.yaml
    ```

> 3. Then, if you want to expose the Kubeflow pipelines to the public web, run the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Then, if you want to expose the Kubeflow Pipelines endpoint outside the cluster, run the following commands:
```

    ```shell
    kubectl patch svc ml-pipeline-ui -n kubeflow -p '{"spec": {"type": "LoadBalancer"}}'
    ```

>     To get the Kubeflow pipelines UI public endpoint using command line, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To get the Kubeflow Pipelines UI public endpoint using command line, run:
```
